docs: extend documentation on `Sync` and thread-safety (#4695)
PyO3/pyo3: guide/src/class/thread-safety.md

Reviewer: can you link to this file from `free-threading.md`? Somewhere in the first paragraph of [this section](https://github.com/PyO3/pyo3/blob/main/guide/src/free-threading.md#supporting-free-threaded-python-with-pyo3) would be a good spot.

# `#[pyclass]` thread safety

Python objects are freely shared between threads by the Python interpreter. This means that:
- there is no control which thread might eventually drop the `#[pyclass]` object, meaning `Send` is required.
- multiple threads can potentially be reading the `#[pyclass]` data simultaneously, meaning `Sync` is required.

> This section of the guide discusses various datastructures which can be used to make types satisfy these requirements.

Reviewer: Can we use "data structures" instead? Not sure if this is a british/american english thing, but we seem to do so already:

```
goldbaum at Nathans-MBP in ~/Documents/pyo3 on gil-disabled-build-config!
± rg datastructure

goldbaum at Nathans-MBP in ~/Documents/pyo3 on gil-disabled-build-config!
± rg "data structure"
guide/src/free-threading.md
67:If you are sure that all data structures exposed in a `PyModule` are
110:provide mutable data structures relied on the GIL to make interior mutability

README.md
211:- [mocpy](https://github.com/cds-astro/mocpy) _Astronomical Python library offering data structures for describing any arbitrary coverage regions on the unit sphere._
```

Author: I think you are correct on "data structure" and also "thread-safe" below.

## Making `#[pyclass]` types thread-safe

The general challenge with thread-safety is to make sure that two threads cannot produce a data race, i.e. unsynchronized writes to the same data at the same time. A data race produces an unpredictable result and is forbidden by Rust.

By default, `#[pyclass]` employs an ["interior mutability" pattern](../class.md#bound-and-interior-mutability) to allow for either multiple `&T` references or a single exclusive `&mut T` reference to access the data. This allows for simple `#[pyclass]` types to be thread-safe automatically, at the cost of runtime checking for concurrent access. Errors will be raised if the usage overlaps.

For example, the below simple class is thread-safe:

```rust
# use pyo3::prelude::*;

#[pyclass]
struct MyClass {
    x: i32,
    y: i32,
}

#[pymethods]
impl MyClass {
    fn get_x(&self) -> i32 {
        self.x
    }

    fn set_y(&mut self, value: i32) -> i32 {
        self.y = value;
    }
}
```

> In the above example, if calls to `get_x` and `set_y` overlap (from two different threads) then at least one of those threads will experience a runtime error suggesting that the data was "already borrowed".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the above example, if calls to `get_x` and `set_y` overlap (from two different threads) then at least one of those threads will experience a runtime error indicating that the data was "already borrowed".
```

There are three main ways that more complicated thread-safety topics can become relevant when writing `#[pyclass]` types:

>   - To avoid possible "already borrowed" runtime errors, a `#[pyclass]` may choose to use atomic datastructures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - To avoid possible "already borrowed" runtime errors, a `#[pyclass]` may choose to use [atomic data structures](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/sync/atomic/).
```

Or maybe add a parenthetical like "see `std::sync::atomic` in the standard library"
